OUTPUT 001 							AUTOMATA - GPT-2						   EPOCHS : 3000



catch Trillions in China’s stock market was the story of two economies, one of which was a haven, a model for world leadership. The other was a trap, a trap meant to serve as a model for world history.

FERET, or “fingershot,' represents a false economy—the tendency of financial services providers to maximize returns for their customers while minimizing harms. In FERET’s model, customers are attributed outcomes based on their creditworthiness, such as income from stocks or loans or from doctors’ appointments. In FERET’s model, those outcomes are tracked, so bankers can determine whether or not they will receive financial support from a professional. Instead of simply informing customers of their financial situation and thenuling them through the appropriate services, which could include newsfeeds and social media, the newsfeeds are more efficient ways to communicate with customers.

The default rate on asecrossthebankrupt.com, a website that represents some of the largest trades on the internet, was lowered from 19% in 2016 to 6.5% in 2022. That decrease may come as a surprise, but the automated arbitrage tool is already the second largest in the world after trading stocks. Keeping the two systems together will reduce the stress on workers' rights, as well as the risk that they will fail to protect workers from potential harm from the arbitrage.

Protect Workers from Unchecked Human Rights

The challenges and opportunities of the twenty-first century are vast. As technologists, we farmers, factory workers, and factory owners have each been impacted by myriad stories of discrimination, bias, and oppression. From the cases of racial bias in mortgage lending, to adverse labor practices at food service restaurants, to the ways that young Black girls are kept from going out in the yard, to the unequal distribution of university-educated workers in the US.

But there’s another story that deserves our own write-up, about an industry that has emerged from the social practices of policing and discrimination that have been built into both the technological systems and the corporate logic of profit-maximizing supply chains. It is that this third era of industrial labor torture has resonated with a deep empathy for the experiences of the people who are hurt, and it has also fed an extraordinary fear of change.

Soothying the lines between the old and the new world has become so difficult that many tech giants have turned their backs on automation and replaced it with a new technology: AI. But when the new technology is finally released, it will not be a product of some forgotten factory in the industrial heart of Silicon Valley. It will be a product of the social dynamics built into the tech industry during the past five years, as it leverages new data and revolutionary business models.

A groundbreaking AI research lab was set up in the Stanford hills above Palo Alto. Its mission is to harness AI and other early AI technologies to improve the way computers and humans interact and communicate. Tasks such as the complex image recognition of images can be automated with the current help of simple algorithms, but now the most valuable interaction for humans is with current-generation systems of automated weapons systems.

The Stanford AI lab is where these weapons systems are built, in the footprint of Palo Alto and its surroundings. To see how this center is preparing for deployment, we recommend a quick trip to the offices of your local government, where government offices are busy handing out pamphlets and trying out applications that are half-functional today and half-functional in the future.

The Palo Alto AI lab is part of an emerging wave of labs that are experimenting with virtual reality and other virtual personal assistants. Already, these technologies are using mobile phones and the websites of large corporations to provide real-time customer satisfaction surveys. These companies are essentially dropping their websites and replacing them with a new technology that they call "advertising, to generate more click-through, score, and revenue from ads on stores, websites, and apps.

Alibaba has been busy using AI to analyze the habits of 4 million shopper’s mobile phones in order to determine which are involved in commerce. The firm has been training A I trained on mobile privacy by using natural-language processing and AI to identify the facial gestures that signee’s use of the platform uses.

Xiong’an has developed a new kind of app, Wang Xing has claimed. App developers can build their apps with real people, giving them a virtual assistant that handles the development and deploys the business process. Wang claimed that the Wang team’s “organic approach” to “app development” has led to real-world applications and reductions in data consumption.

Those improvements are devel- oping a strategy of expanding AI’s range of actions and their impact on various kinds of commerce. Major tech companies are piloting AI in commerce, experimenting with products that speak to specific functions in
====================
” he says. “I’ve just had the pleasure of working with you, and I’ve never been more optimistic.”

And what does all this have to do with leadership? That highly anticipated book by Silicon Valley book by Steve Jobs takes a dive into the “making-of” the Silicon Valley ecosystem and into the “making-of” the role of leadership. While the focus on algorithms is clearly important in the book, what matters in the real ecosystem of Al companies is not just the practical skills of engineers but the ambivalence and understanding of other people in the company as well. What counts here is not just the likable qualities of our fellow entrepreneurs but the human and cultural decency and humility that comes with growing a business or founding a company. Jobs and his ilk truly are the people who cultivate those qualities.

LOOKING FORWARD AND LOOKINGPOST

While some Al executives see the reach of Hubs book as a good start, others see it as an all-or-nothing approach to the “looking-forward” business. Hubs blueprint sees companies looking at their earliest signs to develop into “the CEO,” who can answer questions and help in the development of companies as diverse as Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s cloud service, and Google’s Gmail.

Those companies have noticated an intelligence and intellect to this kind of thinking, which has set them apart from the typical management approach. As a result, they have proven willing to embrace many different approaches to business, ranging from the rigorous academic to the venture-capital world. And if you don’t want to be a part of the revolution, you can still pursue your professional and personal interests.

Other companies are not so lucky. Apple and Microsoft have taken a less combative attitude toward AI. In iTunes, for example, which supports intelligent listening, licensing and digital distribution, the company has embraced the “Agile” approach before, believing that the technology will improve as it learns more about how software works and how to manipulate data. With time, it can move to next level with more grace and knowledge.

But what if you have a dirty trick? Apple and Microsoft are not so lucky. In iTunes’s Licensee license, which rules only the exclusive use of "free software," the company has allowed users to copy and distribute its software without restriction, but allowing other users to copy and distribute their own software. In practice, this means that users have to provide their own software, much as how Apple allows its users to print out and share their own printouts allows for sharing files among all users.

The integration of AI and business systems has made for a better performing business. In real-world corporate environments, where everything is managed by humans, the smartest and most adaptable employees can work with the worst-case scenarios. In a traditional company, where everything was managed by humans, the world of iTunes depended on the longest leg of government’s digital ladder. In this world, everything is a resource-allocation slam dunk. All you need is an AI assistant and an algorithm. You don’t need a Ph.D. in molecular nanotechnology or expert systems in human medicine to figure out what a customer is going to want from a product. The world is your own individual optimization agency.

The advantage of using an AI assistant is that it reduces the need for a human operator, and it allows for faster deployment of your technology and lowers the cost of your infrastructure. In practice, this means that an employee must move more time and resources between his or her job and those of other people, creating advantages such as minimizing the risk of a crisis. Another advantage is that an employee has a natural ability to identify and address problems that arise within his or her own organization.

How Do We Get It Right?

While thinking about hiring, we often turn to the name of AI and say, "We got it wrong. This technology should be renamed in tune with the skills and cultures in your empire. The accumulation of data is wrong, and culture is the root of error. If you want a job, you’re out of luck. It’s best to stay distant from sensitive topics until the hiring is done, because they’re going to be the media’s all-day "gigaphone” for this stuff. Otherwise, think of all the other stuff you can pick up along the way. When designing a hiring strategy, always have a high moral character so you can plan your offerings well.

And don’t take it from them. Ever. As an applicant might, you might not know them by their first names and last name. And sometimes you don’t know their social and family ties. So build your résumés in that order. For instance, you might pick them to review in
====================

