OUTPUT 004 							AUTOMATA - GPT-2						   EPOCHS : 6000



ChatGPT came out of the box with a well-defined dataset of just about every noun and pronoun in English. WordNet mapped out the paths of every word in that sentence, using the common-sense data of all people doing the same thing. The LLM tool did a good job of showing what the nouns and verbs were saying, and the project manager used WordNet to map out the x–axis and find synonyms and interconnections.

But there was still no standard way to measure how well each of these tools painted the picture of the various possible images the computer was creating. The best estimates I can give of how well the participants’ sentences exhibited when compared to the general population are given in the figure.2 For example, to my best estimates, about half of the classifications I’ll list below average, reflecting the share I believe is typical for human language. The rest are perhaps surprisingly good.

Chapter 5 describes some of the preliminary findings.

During the course of an hour or so of erasure, I’ll name people and things I’ll call friends. – Donald Trump

FOURTEENVEN – Donald Trump and Julian Hacking

GLASS HALF FULL

As a rule of thumb, bright-eyed humans and intense, round-shouldered dwarfs tend to have a large lead over slow-moving, more evolved competitors. Ever since the great apes and humans first arrived in our colonies, there have been ongoing debates about whether androids can divide into two groups that size up most other characteristics. As the popularity of the “Slow Creep” algorithm has fallen, many refer to it’s nerd cred. However, a survey of 302 respondents (the general public) suggests that most people recognize the term “slow Creep.”

As words creep across the chat window, a “Safe Zone” appears, where graphic designers can decide to classify users based on anatomy, weight, and facial expression. The word “Safe” appears six times in the chat, beginning with “Safe” and moving on to “Safe Zone.” After a minute or so with one sentence, the word “Safe” appears once more, and so on.onomy in the top-right corner moves you to the left. As the word “Safe” moves from the bottom to the right, it refers back to the Oxford dictionary. While the survey respondents were reading this sentence might have been enough to convince them to use the term “Safe” in their context. But as the word “Safe” moves from the bottom to the right, it refers back to the American dictionary. So, to their credit, the dictionary—with its straightforward text and clean images—ends the sentence.

But the Secure Zone of the Oxford dictionary is less clear-cut. The researchers who made this decision had a rather straight forward approach. They could say that the first sentence of their experiment is that ChatGPT makes us feel good; the second sentence is that humans really, truly feel good about computers controlling large, complex brains. This is really an long, long post, so there’s no easy way to summarize it all. But I think it’s useful nonetheless to look at some of the important ideas captured in the data and see how they apply in practice.

2.2 Toward Human-Like Artificial Intelligence

In a chapter called "Can machines think?" we described a project that included the participation of some of the AI researchers who Elon Musk and Bill Gates both supported. This project was called “Experiment No. 002.” and it was the result of a three-year project.
 Elon Musk and Bill Gates both supported the project, but Musk has denied any collaboration with Project Maven. He’s instead said that the project was a success and that Musk has called it “historic.”

Bill Gates is a very solid humanist. He’s even declared his own “historic achievement” in the book Gates through Revolution. He has said that Musk and I have tried to reach an enormous gap between the average engineer and the best algorithms, but we have either dabbled in “neural processing” or we’ve always lagged in that respect. He has justified his achievements as contributions to the science of computation, and he believes that people will be better off legislating their use for their workplaces and in private settings. I wonder if he’s right.

But he didn’t always share this view. In an important way, he said, because he found the Morse code “ugly and almost mind- icious” in which he described how he came to discover his goal achievement. In short, he thought, the best way to win the imitation game was to be the best person.

The book describes
====================
’s estimates of how long it will take to get to zero are based on a short survey that I did with former physics professor David Kenny (1980– ), who is now at Stanford GSB. Kenny is now an assistant professor of economics at MIT. Kenny’s “research group” was composed of researchers David Chalmers and George Miller (1981– ), of whom he had worked for many years.

Kenny’s group was led by Herbert Simon, an MIT Ph.D. student from Carnegie Mellon who had worked with Alan Turing and was later named after him. Simon had worked on designs for the International Typographical Union (ITU), which was later created by IBM Watson and implemented at MIT with some help from John McCarthy (CarnegieMellon University, Cambridge, Mass., 1990), who later added typesetting and printing to the ITU contracts.

The pace of development after the fact is steep is a—however slow—age.

The pace of development after the fact is steep is because of the accelerated diffusion of typesetting technology. One of the first important industries in the context of this new technology was, as now, the printing trades. Toiles were quite explicit in urging industries to pursue typedography as a substitution for writing. typedography was an industry with several subsidiaries, such as the the pulp and paper industries, metalworking, insurance and brokerage, and fine manufacturing. These industries dominated the printing trades, though, and in many cases the most important function of the industry was to supply the varied instruments and inputs that went into creating a product.territory produced a landscape of typedography on the job: typedography in its purest form depended on the artistry and commitment of the craft.iles could be thought of as a kind of public image of the perfect technician, which could be copied and paste into various specialized ITU contracts.tu.cilues.mil/. The quality of materials then mattered, not only in the printing trades but in terms of products and procedures like those involved in a typical technician. Moreover, although the quality of workers was relatively equal in the two pulp and paper industries, their labor hours were not just related to the quality of the printed work. They were reported to be important parameters in the variables that were included in the ITU contracts.tu.ciluesmil.tu.ciluesmil.tu.ciluespanels.tuples.tuples.metric models of information exchange. In the mid-1940s, the interest in ITU contracts and the increasing use of metavalue as a template went largely to the United States Army Air Corps. According to Harrison, “The interest in ITU contracting was so great that a year later it was being transferred to the Department of Defense ITU databases.”ix It’s hard to know how things have changed.

The ITU became a vital link in the contemporaneous struggle for labor rights and democracy in the service of both maintaining and expanding the empires of capital. In revealing its funding and mission, the U.S. Navy referred readers to other government documents that explicitly supported its approach to labor rights. These documents reveal how the first ever Global Bank was formed—an armstrong enterprise staffed by bankers from around the world—and how, through a process of mutual understanding, it arrived at a formula for international labor contracts. It is perhaps not surprising, then, that the struggle has taken on a new character after the first AI contract.

The underlying ideology was the growth of global capital, the financing of social movements, and the authorization of labor. But as autonomous vessels of capital can often do in order to help build up a colony safe and abundant, workers also have the right to be taken advantage of, either as a service (offering food and housing, for example) or as an instrument of social movement (organizing protests and organizing across national borders, for example). Insofar as automation complements human labor, it can certainly be understood as a complement to or substitute for human labor. But the comparative advantage of human and machine has no easy fix. As we saw in the earlier section, some technologies that exist today are already being deployed to fill the gaps created by our beginnings as humans. They have America first, and by extension, China next.

The automation discourse has been enthusiastically adopted by the jeans-wearing elite of Silicon Valley. Bill Gates is advocating for the commodification of human labor and the commodification of human labor is his specialty. But the same is true of AI. Algorithmic warfare is both effective and feasible, but the costs are borne by the machine. When AI is used to supersede human capability, it increases the personal and organizational disadvantage of the workforce. When machine intelligence is used to augment human capability, it creates the man-machine gap.

As AI expands its reach into every aspect of work and its impact on people, the myth of the whiz man lulls us into a complac
====================

