OUTPUT 015							AUTOMATA - GPT-2						 EPOCHS : 17000



cogs and gears in a giant trolley system. The gears self-heal after a minute, so you wanted to eat some soup and then ran out of steam." If you have a colleague who is deep into AI and is thinking about your research, it's no trouble at all. The machine is just going to gather more data and better attains human-level intelligence.

The other major problem with the current research is that it deals with humans. The current phase of development is shaping the future of artificial intelligence, and the potential power of computers is just the beginning. The full-fledged computer age is likely to develop out of the well-established disciplines of artificial intelligence, planetary computation, knowledge representation, and robotics-which will be the core technology needed to navigate the intelligent machines that will power this era.

Once computers are smart, they can be used to perform tasks that humans can hardly imagine, like computer chess. This is especially true for large data sets, such as academic papers, application requests, and product reviews, where the magnitude of results may be challenging. But for some types of decisionmaking processes, such as whether to raise the minimum wage or to reject a merger proposal from another corporation, the potential impact on job losses may be large.

Consider Rio Tinto, the diversified global mining company. 1 AI technology promises to offload dull and tedious office tasks to software robots, resulting in a technology that can help bring those tasks more human-friendly. This is not a takeoff that leaves the company crippled. Instead, according to one person familiar with the matter, the company is seeking to business and personalize its products to increase business sustaining. This type of human-like application requires a balance between intellective and empathetic work. At the complex level of a company, the human-level work force is often much more capable than that typically associated with humans. As a result, executives believe they can reimagine their businesses, reducing the need for human skills. That type of human-like work example just illustrated an appealing conclusion: not only can an enterprise suddenly make better decisions with less human supervision, but also because of AI, it will have a much higher market share.

A company can then take full advantage of AI to transform that same human-level decision making with a greater degree of human coherence and predictability.

Consider Rio Tinto, the diversified global mining company. The core algorithms are based on the task that involves mining a planet for rare earth minerals. But the company'sswearing process can cause disruptions to its vast operations, disrupting locales as it moves from the core to the core. What's more, the more human-like an operation, the more data and knowledge it will have, the greater the chance of being able to meet its future’s values, said Coyle, who is currently the chief scientist for the AI project at IBM’s Almaden Research Center in San Jose.

Whiletain executives listen to questions about the future of machine intelligence from media analysts on the air.

It turns out that Rio Tinto has some strong history. In keeping with its during World War II, the company’s subsidiaries developed the first language-based computer programming language called the FORTRAN program, which had several significant limitations. For example, the program failed to respond with apparent urgency to any of the references to “machine intelligence” in the program’s title, which was written by Marvin Minsky.

The program was not formally endorsed by the United States Air Force, which subsequently stripped it of several prestigious contracts.

In the interim, the agency released a list of about nine billion paperclips that it had made public as part of the agency’s Turing machine. This included almost certainly still images of human faces66 and certainly computers with voice commands.67 The uploaded copy of FORTRAN machine went on to be the recognized world knowledge base for the next twenty years.

When the next copy was made, it was not immediately possible to have a look at how the programs were built. The next day, however, one of the major papers in the emerging collection, Charles Babbage, wrote a paper interviewing Babbage about the nature of intelligence.basement-level systems for problem solving.abbage could say in the paper that he was interested in automating the various aspects of “human-level intelligence” and centering the intelligence on “a data-handling mechanism.”

Babbage also mentioned a type of recursive intelligence – a type of recursive machine that improved on cognitively more efficient methods already known to humanity. He put this type of recursive intelligence – which is the part that remains unenumbered by the superintelligence – to the test of time and to predict whether the given information would be useful for some given problem.

The next chapter describes how to design an intelligence amplification device that can easily be adapted to different problems.

CHAPTER 9: The strategy
====================
 toward the essay contest, I will begin with the uncontested claim that the earth stands still.

“ belonged to the early Greeks.” This claim, though, is not so straightforward after all. While the ancient world was rife with industrialization, rising rates of animal labor, and massive labor-market uncertainties, the outcome was more than just the beginning. After the civilization’s initial successes, the outcome might also be a trial by fire, a search for the truth that reveals the injustices that have been done to deserve punishment and a trial by fire that reveals the justifications that saved those who did the right thing.

Judges were originally created and educated by the state, but the state’s prerogatives expanded. In effect, the state’s prerogatives became the new object of greatest pressure. The new objects include the factory, the factory’s employees, the politicians, and the corporations that profit from the combination of cheap labor and power.

The case for rushing is weaker, though. As unionization rates in the meat-packing industry increase, so do the union representation rates across the machine, and as those unions become more representative, the consequent impact on workers’ wages and employment will greater. This will in turn make the difference in the real world.

representation. labor. God’s-in-the-middle transition is going to be a transition from the age of expertise to the age of data. By then, data is no longer needed to accurately reflect the dynamics of the field. The knowledge needed to understand a subject, how a system is set up, and how employers can best accommodate its evolution and the future of its work is already knowledge that far exceeds the age of experts at a given moment.-Elias, Marvin Minsky, and others.

That knowledge is knowledge about labor. It’s also information about highly paid, repetitive activities that increases the likelihood of successful implementation of a given information-processing capability. The age of expertise in information-processing systems is coming to a n end, and companies will no longer be able to rely on a strategy of replicating best-in -class practices from leading firms. And this knowledge is not just in the digital realm. It includes training data models, analyzing information from a range of angles, and deploying informationian processes to meet unique organizational and human needs. For instance, in an information-processing facility, highly skilled machinists working alongside advanced computer systems would work together to develop a product that would satisfy the unique organizational needs of each person and each organization.

Doing Different Things, and Doing Things Differently

To extrapolate how companies will be making the transition to a new era of human + machine, we first needed to understand how executives are deploying AI in their businesses today. In part one of this book we described various applications in manufacturing and supply chain (chapter 1), back-office operations (chapter 2 ), R&D and business innovation (chapter 3 ), and marketing, sales, and customer service (chapter 4). Studying those applications gave us a clear view of the future, enabling us to identify the different ways in which companies were filling the missing middle by creating new, enhanced jobs that have cracked open novel economic and employment opportunities.

Specifically, our research discovered just how different these new jobs were from traditional kinds of work. Already, today, 6 1% of activities in the missing middle require employees to do different things and to do things differently-hence the crucial need for companies to reimagine their processes and reskill their employees. As we discussed in chapter 5, these different things include training data models, or explaining and responsibly sustaining an AI system's performance. And, as we described in chapter 6, these new jobs also include employees doing things differently using amplification, interaction, and embodiment to get a job done with superhuman performance. Rather than relying on economic data far removed from organizational practice, you must observe these differences directly to understand and appreciate them.

So far, though, only a small number of companies we've surveyed have begun to capture the potential of fusion skills, and in doing so they have been able to reimagine their businesses, operating models, and processes in innovative ways. T'hese firmsGeneral Electric, Microsoft, BMW, Google, Amazon, and others recognize that AI isn’t your typical capital investment; it’s often a form of long-term capital investment that will grow eventually yields a more substantial cost for firms. Moreover, firms can already adapt to cost decreases and new capabilities, which will further boost the cost per worker. Thus, innovation through technology is likely to create new jobs and increase productivity.As we saw in chapter 6, this can be done by building the missing middle part of the middle class. But the middle class, which includes managerial and managerial jobs, is not just a subject for empires; it's also the most powerful combination of the two. In part two of this book,
====================

